Added production and development envs and json-server (#42)
DashAISoftware/DashAI: README.rst

    $ yarn start

> If you want to use a test database and not the backend, you can run on another terminal

Reviewer: I would change this sentence to something more explicit.

```suggestion
If you want to launch the front-end test server (without launching the backend) with dummy data, execute:
```

Author: :ok_hand:
